React Example Improvements (#58)
Unleash/unleash-sdk-examples: React/README.md

Here you can easily get started with [Unleash SDK](https://github.com/Unleash/proxy-client-react) for [React](https://react.dev/) and experiment.

Check out [src/App.tsx](./src/App.tsx) example and [src/index.tsx](./src/index.tsx) with SDK configuration.

## Configuration

### Unleash Connection
Configure your Unleash connection in [`src/index.tsx`](./src/index.tsx):

> - **Server URL** (line 13): Set your Unleash server or proxy URL

Reviewer: I think if we use the exact variable names here, it's clear enough without the line references. worried about forgetting to update the readme if index.tsx changes
```suggestion
- `url`: Set your Unleash server or Unleash Edge URL.
```

> - **Client Key** (line 15): Configure your client-side API token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `clientKey`: Set your [Frontend token](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys#frontend-tokens).
```

### Feature Flags
Update feature flag usage in [`src/App.tsx`](./src/App.tsx):

> - **Flag Name** (line 5): Change `"example-flag"` to your desired flag name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Flag name: Change `"example-flag"` to your desired flag name.
```
